Chess Board

The world is a chessboard.
On which we played game that will never supposed to be fair.
But still excite us with its numerous possibilities.
When I was sixteen,
my dad recommended that I should sign up for a chess club and learn to how to play
So I went and my level was only good enough to play against a bunch of 10-year-olds.
What's more humiliating was that i actually had hard time playing against them.
So reasonably i became skeptical of the game.
And thought that it was unfair.
You know on the chessboard,
There's a king, a queen, rooks,bishops, knights and pawns.
Different pieces with different status and importance.
Pocessing different capabilities.
They stand in their strictly drawn little squares.
And line up accordingly to their value.
And let's face it.
It's the same in real life.
Some of us matter while some of us don't.
At least not that much.
Among the very first lines of the declarations of independence.
This one goes We hold these truths to be self-evident that all men are created equal.
What a beautiful line.
But how can we convince ourselves that we are born equal.
While our ancestors didn't die equal.
I hate to say this
But we do inherit most of the social capitals.
That get to decide what kind of role we start with when we come to this world.
However,
The game still gets played for a reason.
The board of 64 little squares is magically enough to create a stage for wonderful things to happen.
In just four first moves
There are 318 million different ways to play.
And in a game between two equal players.
There will be around 50 moves in total.
And just think about,
How many moves we take in life time?
I'll say countless.
And no one is able to predict what is going to happen next.
Which i think the true beauty of our world.
And that just paints a silver lining like a little soilder like you and me.
Because with a little but sufficient ability.
To checkmate and win the game.
By planning my tacics and encountering the coincidence along the way.
I may somehow walk my way up until the last rank and become a queen at the end of the game.
The world is not fair,
But it doesn't make it any less worthy of living
So go play with what you have,
Carefully but boldly at the same time to unleash the unknown possibilities of life.
Or change the game.
